#Trees
What is A Tree?
- A tree is a data structure similar to a linked list but instead of each node pointing simply to the next node in a linear fashion, 
each node points to several nodes.
- A tree is an example of a non-linear data structure.
- A tree structure is a way of representing the hierarchical nature of a structure in a graphical form.

Terminology Of Trees
Root Node - The root of a Tree is the Node with no Parents is called Root Node(1st element).
Edge - A link from a parent to a child.
Leaf Node - A node with no children.
Sibling Nodes - the children nodes of the same parent are called Siblings.
The depth of the node is the length of the path from the root to the node.
The Height of the node is the length of the path from the node to the deepest node.
The Height of the Tree is the length of the path from the root to the deepest node in the tree.
A (Rooted) tree with only one node (the root) has a Height of Zero.

Binary Trees: 
-->A Generic tree with atmost two child nodes for each parent node is known as a Binary Tree
-->Two child nodes for each parent nodes
-->A Binary tree is made up of that consistutes of left pointer,a right pointer and a data element.
-->The root pointer is the topmost node.
-->The left and right pointers recursively points to smaller subtrees on either side.
-->An empty tree is also a Valid Binary tree.
-->A Binary Tree is either empty(None pointer) or is made up of a single Node,where the left and right pointers 
each point to a Binary Tree.


Types of Binary Trees:
1)Full Binary Tree : A Binary tree in which every node had 0 or 2 children is termed as full Binary Tree.
2)Complete Binary Tree : A Complete Binary Tree has all the levels filled except for the last level, which has 
                         all its nodes as much as to the left
3)Perfect Binary Tree: A Binary tree is termed Perfect when all of its internal nodes have two children along with the 
                       leaf nodes that are at the same level.
4)Degenerate Tree: Each internal node has only one child.
5)Balanced Binary Tree: A Binary tree in which the difference between the depth of the two subtrees of every node is at 
                        most one is called a Balanced Binary Tree.

Operations on Binary Trees:
Basic Operations: --> Inserting an element into a tree
                      Deleting an element from a tree   
                      Searching for an element
                      Traversing the tree 

Auxillary Operations: --> Finding the Size of the tree
                      --> Finding the Height of the tree
                      --> Finding the level which has the maximum sum and many more.


binary tree auxilary